SMDS_3: Mesh_data_structure_3 - new package for C3T3 (#5693)
CGAL/cgal: TMDS_3/doc/TMDS_3/TMDS_3.txt

namespace CGAL {
/*!

\mainpage User Manual
\anchor Chapter_3D_Tetrahedral_Mesh_Data_Structure
\anchor userchaptertmds3
\authors Pierre Alliez, Clément Jamin, Laurent Rineau, Stéphane Tayeb, Jane Tournois, Mariette Yvinec
\cgalAutoToc

\cgalFigureBegin{figure_tetmesh_knot,knot_full.png}
A multi-domain tetrahedral mesh generated from a polyhedral surface with multiple surface patches.
The complete triangulation is displayed, including cells that belong or do not
belong to the mesh complex, surface patches and feature edges.
\cgalFigureEnd

\section TMDS_3_section_c3t3 Mesh Complex

This package is devoted to the representation of 3-Dimensional Tetrahedral Mesh Data Structures.

A 3D linear cell complex is composed of points, line segments, polygons,
polyhedral, and the combinatorial description of their n-dimension counterparts
(namely vertices, edges, faces and cells).
CGAL provides 3D triangulations, that describe
both the geometry and connectivity of a 3D linear cell complex made
of triangles, implemented in the

> the \ref PkgTriangulation3 and \ref PkgTDS3 packages.

Reviewer: I still wonder why you define linear cell complexes. That seems off-topic. Why not define 3D simplicial complexes, instead of "3D linear cell complex made
of triangles"?

This package is devoted to the representation of 3-Dimensional Tetrahedral Mesh Data Structures.

> A 3D simplicial complex is composed of points, line segments, polygons,
> polyhedra, and the combinatorial description of their n-dimension counterparts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A 3D simplicial complex is composed of points, line segments, triangles,
tetrahedra, and the combinatorial description of their n-dimension counterparts
```
